# 10 Week Workout App

I bought a book with an excellent 16 week workout in it. Naturally instead of actually doing the workout I decided to make it an Ember app, while eating ice cream. This work was initially "completed" in 2013, to a version of Ember at approximately 1.10. It was refactored mid 2017 to Ember 2.14 standards.

## Project Structure

The Workout App is a standard Ember CLI application. The vast majority of its data is static data storing the workout regime itself. This data is populated through an initializer from hard-coded json blobs. User data - such as weight and number of reps - are persisted through Ember Data using a localStorage adapter.

The 2017 refactor added extensive components for simplicity and re-usability,  and replaced complex and unintuitive route model hooks for dealing with POJO data with a cleaner store-based central data structure.

Layout is handled by standard Bootstrap (BS3) markup with moderate customization from a Bootstrap Swatch followed by custom code. Font Awesome icons are also used. Transitional animations are provided by LiquidFire.

The application is built to be used exclusively as a mobile phone app. Though it should be both responsive and progressive it does not function well as a desktop application and is not optimised for this case. Desktop browser width should be scaled down to approximate a mobile resolution to see the site as intended.

Note: This application was refactored from a significantly older Ember standard. Some artifacts of this remain in code that is still functional, but not current best-practice. 

## Installation
The following assumes Ember CLI is installed globally at a version approximately 2.13 or higher, and that NPM or an equivalent such as Yarn is available.

1. Clone this repository
2. Change to new repository directory
3. Run npm install to install dependencies
4. Run ember server to build and serve application
5. Navigate to http://localhost:4200

## ToDo

- [x] Create instance initializer to load data
- [x] Strip down complex model hooks
- [ ] Fix persistence and localhost storage
- [ ] Improve Progressive App score from Lighthouse
- [ ] Replace localstorage adapter with newer alternative
- [ ] Fix notices generated by ember-youtube add-on
- [ ] Setup AWS hosting and ember-cli-deploy